I also follow your instructions
Thirteen bucks.
I owe the hospital for the treatment
Do we allow him?
No, so why fight?
Then let me tell you
Because of this Yue
Our Xu family is sensible
And because my grandfather is going to be in this ward
recuperate the body
How about I punch him
Not too great
Call quickly
It's just a change of ward
Just change it, it's alright.
OK
You wait and wait.
What a shitty hospital
To do such an immoral thing
Not afraid of retribution
Then Miss Huang looks good
lordosis posterior
It's a pity that I have such a stinky mouth
What's up?
Your royal family will also oppose our Xu family
What kind of thing is your Xu family?
A nest of snakes and mice
Li Yi, I will arrange your transfer.
Go now.